[0.1] - Base setup, Users and Calendar Events
- Created models, DTOs and Controllers for the users and calendar events.
- Set up JWT authentication.
- Set up a Postgresql server configuration.
- Set up Swagger. 

[0.2] - Endpoint updates and anotation
- Moved the "dev" endpoints to their respective controllers.
- Combined some separate DTO files based on category/type.
- Added the Participants controller and endpoints.
- Added annotations to my files. Annotations were generated by copilot.
- Added validation in the controllers, so only the authenticated user can change their own credentials, modify
only poll events that they're part of, only modify events that they created.
- Created a check for open slots and validation for overlapping events. 

[0.3] - MCP server setup, tool creation and other updates
- Added a new endpoint where you can query a user by id.
- Set up the MCP server using stdio for transport.
- Created some auth tools to use with the MCP for user management - registration, login and update.

[0.4] - Updates to MCP setup and other small things
- Separated the main api and the mcp one, so they can run at the same time.
- Added validation for uniqueness for username and email. (not sure how I missed that one).
- Added a Delete endpoint to auth.
- Added more auth tools for MCP - get user and delete.
- Added event management tools for MCP - crud + find free slots.
- Added participant management tools for MCP.
- Added some instructions to the README.
- Updated the controllers to have versioning (v2).
- Added a configurable base url for the API.

[0.5] - Tool and controller updates, setup for testing
- Updated the tools to pass more context to the LLM.
- Controller bugfixes and url updates.
- Tool bugfixes.
- Updated the user and participants dtos.
- Updated the datetime converter and included it in the mcp tools.
- Added an endpoint to check what events the logged in user is part of.
- Updated event queries to return events ordered by start date. 